Add a note indicating when nodeName should be used (#39452)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node.md

-   Node names in cloud environments are not always predictable or
    stable.

{{< note >}}
`nodeName` is intended for use by custom schedulers or advanced use cases where

> you need to bypass any configured schedulers. Using affinity or a `nodeSelector` is 
> the recommended way to assign a pod to a node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you need to bypass any configured schedulers. Bypassing the schedulers might lead to
failed Pods if the assigned Nodes get oversubscribed. You can use [node affinity](#node-affinity) or a the [`nodeselector` field](#nodeselector) to assign a Pod to a specific Node without bypassing the schedulers.
```
